docs: add initial docs.md, update FAQ.md (#236)
vlang/vab: docs/FAQ.md

If you have a file `logo.png` in `assets/` - to load it, you need to call
`os.read_apk_asset('logo.png') or { panic(err) }`

## I managed to compile some external .so libs, how do I include them?

Use the flag `--libs <path libs with arch(s) folder>` (can be specified multiple times)
to include extra libraries.

The libraries need to reside inside a folder with the name of the architecture they
are compiled for e.g.: `/tmp/libs/arm64-v8a` - this is normal and by convention for
other build systems used in Android development.

> You can have one dir containing libs for multiple archs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have one parent directory, containing libs for multiple archs:
```
